I entered college right out of high school because they came from a family
where everyone in my family had a college degree or was working
on one so my brothers who are still working on their degrees so was
just kind of expected that I would looking back on it that was the
wrong reason for me to go why should have gone and the result Hollywood
about the same is because the degree is necessary kind of certified
that you have none of the intellectual capability to college level
work but you have the discipline of the organization to do it you
can understand what requirements are you can understand how you have
to get through your requirements to use only because when you get
into the military and in the civilian life people want to know if there's
a job that needs to be done is this guy smart enough to do it
does he have the skills to do it dizzy have the discipline to make sure
it gets done